readme.md, before:

### Hi, I'm Gabriel Huguenin-Dumittan - alias [Autosuffisant](https://github.com/Autosuffisant) or [Prism](https://github.com/Autosuffisant) 👋

## I'm a student developer at [EPITECH](https://github.com/Epitech) 💻

- 💿 I'm a music passionate and vinyl and CD collector, checkout my collection [here](https://www.discogs.com/fr/user/Autosuffisant/collection)!
- 🥁 Former drum player but i still love to play anytime i can.
- 🚀 Passionate gamer, mostly a Rocket League player, as you can see [here](https://steamcommunity.com/id/Autosuffisant/).
- ⚠️ Dear EPITECH students, you really shouldn't copy my work. But i still publish it anyway, anything you do is your responsibility.
- 💬 Submit any feedback or just ask me anything [here](https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/issues).

---

### Some personal sastistics 📈

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Autosuffisant&color=FD428D)

![My GitHub statistics](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Autosuffisant&count_private=true&theme=radical&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true)
[![My best languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Autosuffisant&layout=compact&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<br />
_(Github stats powered by [@anuraghazra](https://github.com/anuraghazra))_

### My skills 🎯

<img align="left" alt="C" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/c-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/c++-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/python-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />

---

### Get in touch with me 📧

[<img align="left" alt="Linkedin" width="26px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/linkedin-logo.png?raw=true" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-huguenin-dumittan/)[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-huguenin-dumittan/)


[<img align="left" alt="Linkedin" width="26px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/ae3251a830f3716baf7feea8c22b40cebd612601/assets/LogoPrism.png" />](https://huguenin.dev/)[My website](https://huguenin.dev/)

Commit message:

Added University of Kent to studies title

readme.md, after:

### Hi, I'm Gabriel Huguenin-Dumittan - alias [Autosuffisant](https://github.com/Autosuffisant) or [Prism](https://github.com/Autosuffisant) 👋

## I'm a student developer at [EPITECH](https://github.com/Epitech) 💻 and the [University of Kent](https://github.com/unikent)

- 💿 I'm a music passionate and vinyl and CD collector, checkout my collection [here](https://www.discogs.com/fr/user/Autosuffisant/collection)!
- 🥁 Former drum player but i still love to play anytime i can.
- 🚀 Passionate gamer, mostly a Rocket League player, as you can see [here](https://steamcommunity.com/id/Autosuffisant/).
- ⚠️ Dear EPITECH students, you really shouldn't copy my work. But i still publish it anyway, anything you do is your responsibility.
- 💬 Submit any feedback or just ask me anything [here](https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/issues).

---

### Some personal sastistics 📈

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=Autosuffisant&color=FD428D)

![My GitHub statistics](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Autosuffisant&count_private=true&theme=radical&show_icons=true&include_all_commits=true)
[![My best languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Autosuffisant&layout=compact&theme=radical)](https://github.com/anuraghazra/github-readme-stats)
<br />
_(Github stats powered by [@anuraghazra](https://github.com/anuraghazra))_

### My skills 🎯

<img align="left" alt="C" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/c-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="C++" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/c++-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="Visual Studio Code" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/visual-studio-code/visual-studio-code.png" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML5" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/html/html.png" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS3" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/css/css.png" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/javascript/javascript.png" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/react/react.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Node.js" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/nodejs/nodejs.png" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="48px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/python-logo.png?raw=true" />
<img align="left" alt="Terminal" width="48px" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/github/explore/80688e429a7d4ef2fca1e82350fe8e3517d3494d/topics/terminal/terminal.png" />

<br />
<br />

---

### Get in touch with me 📧

[<img align="left" alt="Linkedin" width="26px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/master/assets/linkedin-logo.png?raw=true" />](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-huguenin-dumittan/)[Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gabriel-huguenin-dumittan/)


[<img align="left" alt="Linkedin" width="26px" src="https://github.com/Autosuffisant/Autosuffisant/blob/ae3251a830f3716baf7feea8c22b40cebd612601/assets/LogoPrism.png" />](https://huguenin.dev/)[My website](https://huguenin.dev/)
